fix: Serialization docs (#4007)
MidLevel/MLAPI: com.unity.netcode.gameobjects/Documentation~/advanced-topics/serialization/inetworkserializebymemcpy.md

> # INetworkSerializeByMemcpy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Serialize unmanaged structs with INetworkSerializeByMemcpy
```

> It's recommended to read the [serialization overview](./serialization/serialization-overview.md) to better understand this documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Read the [Serialization overview](./serialization/serialization-overview.md) page to understand the basics of serialization before using `INetworkSerializeByMemcpy` to serialize unmanaged structs.
```
